•	The DriverPass project was a part of the client's company that aims to develop a resource to help people who are going for the first attempt and want to pass their driving exams. The client wants to develop and design a system that can access different types of content for different levels of users. Here, the users will have access to schedule in-person behind-the-wheel lessons and in-person training with certified instructors. The system will manage all the mentioned things and offer special functions such as turning off packages to the admins they are no longer looking to provide. 
•	In this project, I distilled the requirements and needs into the best use cases particularly well. The interview notes were also turned into the use cases, included relationships, and outlined the extent. I believe mapped-out things can be helpful in accessing the function, and I have found that the result is good. 
•	If I chose one part of the work on these documents to revise, I would be more likely to change my sequence diagram. Here, I would like to give more effort to create a better one and engage in more research to get the better one. I wanted to give extra effort because I have achieved 2 alternative sections inside the alternative section of a parent. Here, I cannot get assurance whether to use those codes in a sequence diagram or not. However, I would try to use additional detailed step-by-step processes to make all the processes better. 
•	I have gone through some interview transcripts to interpret them as a deliverable. First, I made a full list and started thinking about getting things done through software, or it is an external requirement in the system design. If I find the external requirement, I would like to focus on the software with a clear application. On the other hand, if I find the requirements for abstracts like security, I would like to rely on the research to get the best solution for the system design. After that, I will try to break them into some basic use-case tasks. Next, I would include the extension and relationships back in to add complexity. 
However, it is essential to meet the users' needs while designing the system because the development of the system is for the users, and they have requested it. For instance, downloadable content will be available for specific users in the project. Here, it is important to add a tiered user system or a login system so that the availability of the content or downloads can be restricted. It has been identified that you can save time and a ton of re-work and makes your client happy by focusing on the users' needs at the time of system design. 
•	In this process, I am very new to developing software. Thus, I would like to go step-by-step by reading the requirement list. Next, I will prepare a checklist of what I can feel has importance for the project. Here, I can go for a UML Class Diagram or process diagram for the designing software. At the final stage, I will have a class diagram and a process diagram to code the software. To analyze and design a system in the future, I will focus on the extensive use of the activity diagram for better function. 
